#8106 Clarify JS init component key (#8609)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/js_init.md

  };
  ```

> Where `<component_name>` native Magento JS component, for example: `menu`, `collapsible`, `tooltip` ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `<component_name>` is a native Magento JS component, for example: `menu`, `collapsible`, `tooltip` ...
```

```html
<nav data-mage-init='{"tooltip": {"content": "<?= /* @noEscape */ $content ?>"}}'></nav>
```

> Or a custom JS component, can be component path `Vendor_Module/js/component` or alias declareted in `requirejs-config.js`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or a custom JS component, can be component path `Vendor_Module/js/component` or alias declared in `requirejs-config.js`.
```

> Or a custom JS component, can be component path `Vendor_Module/js/component` or alias declareted in `requirejs-config.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or a custom JS component, implemented with a component path: `Vendor_Module/js/component`, or as an alias declared in `requirejs-config.js`.
```
If this suggestion is not accurate, than some kind of grammar fix is needed here.

```html
<nav data-mage-init='{"Vendor_Module/js/component": {"status":"<?= /* @noEscape */ $block->getStatus(); ?>"}}'></nav>
```

> More about [locate JS components](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/js_debug.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about [locate JS components](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/javascript-dev-guide/javascript/js_debug.html).
```
